Add implementation comment (#1609)
DV8FromTheWorld/JDA: README.md

**Gradle**
```gradle
dependencies {

>     //Change 'compile' to 'implementation' in Gradle 7.0+
>     compile 'net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    //Change 'implementatoion' to 'compile' in old Gradle versions
    implementation("net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION")
```

Author: implementatoion is a typo

Reviewer 2: Then fix it locally?
```suggestion
    //Change 'implementation' to 'compile' in old Gradle versions
    implementation("net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION")
```

Author: i'm fairly new to PRing into other repos so was unsure about how to do that, fixed it now.

**Gradle without Audio**
```gradle
dependencies {

>     //Change 'compile' to 'implementation' in Gradle 7.0+
>     compile ('net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    //Change 'implementatoion' to 'compile' in old Gradle versions
    implementation("net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION") {
```

Author: implementatoion is a typo

**Gradle without Audio**
```gradle
dependencies {
    //Change 'implementation' to 'compile' in old Gradle versions

>     implementation ('net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    implementation("net.dv8tion:JDA:VERSION") {
```
